Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, instead of the scholars we have over here, we're going to display the images.
Okay.
Now, to do this, as we know, the container has a property known as child.
And for the child, it's going to be image dot assets.
Assets.
And now we have to point the location of the image it is located at assets slash images that slash men
and slash men again.
Then we have the zero.
Dot jpg.
Right and remember we have up to eight images can see via.
We have up to one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
And over here you can see we have this men zero men, one man, two men.
Three, four, five, six, seven.
Right.
So what we can do over here, you can see the list.
View that view there.
It also has a property known as indents.
And remember, the index is basically referring to how many heights we have.
Right.
So instead of this zero, we can get rid of this.
And another in order to assess this variable, we need to use a dollar sign and then core the indents.
Okay.
And now what we have to do is to how to start this and how to try to come over there and over again
as well in order to give this a very good format.
Okay.
We just have to wait for this now and go check this out, okay?
These are save a lot.
And it has to all to start this category screen.
But you can see.
And for the length, we have to increase this to hate.
His contract saved.
Okay.
Great.
And we can then get rid of this caller.
Right.
The key is control necessary.
And instead of having a container, we can basically just change this, change this to size box so we
don't get confused with a lot of container we have.
And since it basically works the same.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And what we can do is under each item, under each image, we can have a test under it.
To do this, we need hashes to.
Some additional widgets.
Right.
So what we can do.
We are going to wrap this.
This widget with a column.
Right.
So we can then take this as the first widget of the column or the first side of the column.
Okay.
And the second child is going to be a test, which will be for now, I just going to say shared and
had the chain of command and these control.
So.
There's no concerts in this country and that's a safe.
And check it out.
You can see --.
Okay.
So what we can do.
We can make this.
Okay.
So what we can do now is we can make this dynamic to do that over here, we are going to create a list
of.
So you can just call this list and we are expecting a test.
And so this is going to be strange.
And we can call this man equal to.
This the first.
Item we want, it's going to be shared.
And the second item we want can be maybe see.
Dash --.
The key.
We also do need maybe jackets.
And maybe suits.
And maybe I think we need up to eight.
We can also have jeans.
I don't think I know a lot of clothes for male.
Okay.
We have currently.
One, two, three, four, five.
Okay.
We also do want maybe.
Colt.
Okay.
One, two, three, four, five, six.
We need some more.
Maybe vest.
And lastly, I think.
Maybe shots.
Okay.
And one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
Use control necessary and also assess that.
We basically just need to call the men and.
So the man and then pass in in dance.
Okay.
This is basically it.
And use control and save.
Okay.
And we'll check it out.
The case was good, right?
Looking really, really nice.
And for now we do not have anything for the women.
And you can basically just create all this yourself and hopefully you understand this because one of
the major things is understanding.
It is only when you understand that is only when you will be able to build your own stuff.
Because if you don't understand, it's a bit difficult for you to build your own personal projects.
So if you do not understand the world, to let me know.
So I'm going to explain the parts you don't understand.
Okay, for now we have this men and the shirts, the t shirts, the jackets, the suits, James coats
and best suits.
Shirts and also I in this.
This should be it and this should be it.
Right?
Okay.
What is okay?
It's okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.